fix(xo-web/home/vm): bulk intra pool migration: fix map VDI -> SR (#5578)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- [VM/Snapshot export] Fix `Error: no available place in queue` on canceling an export via browser then starting a new one when the concurrency threshold is reached [#5535](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/5535) (PR [#5538](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5538))
- [Servers] Hide pool's objects if its master is unreachable [#5475](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/5475) (PR [#5526](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5526))
- [Host] Restart toolstack: fix `ECONNREFUSED` error (PR [#5553](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5553))

> - [Home/vm] Bulk intra pool migration: fixed VM VDIs migrated to the default SR (PR [#3987](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/3987))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Home/vm] Bulk intra pool migration: fix VM VDIs on a shared SR wrongly migrated to the default SR (PR [#3987](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/3987))
```
